this pump to the progressive device with
stretches of 0 10 20 and 30 kilograms of
resistance fitness pump - is the
revolutionary device to sculpt your body
compact convenient silent and light
fitness pump to support your body weight
up to 78 percent it assures you full
protection of the back to a hundred
percent at the time during your
exercises fitness pump - is designed to
throwing up to different parts of your
body forget the big machines Fitness
Club who creates the difference you
won't be able to find a better machine
to tone up your back thanks to Fitness
pump - the progression is assured with
the stretchers zero twenty thirty
kilograms of resistance to sculpt your
body and only ten minutes per day it is
possible with the fitness buff to
pectoral biceps triceps shoulders but
also thighs and buttocks very sure of
domina muscles it is a reality with the
fitness bumpty compact robust and easy
to use at the same time light and silent
easy to transport finish those big
machines with Fitness pump - it's
possible to work progressively with the
first simple stretcher which as
equivalent of 10 kilograms of resistance
you will become a true champion swimmer
don't hesitate build yourself with the
fitness Bop do with the second stretcher
your muscular progressions are assured
only one simple easy movement you
reproduce the movement of bumps which
work all your muscles you have the
sensation of being right in the gym it's
a fitness bump to the programs are
included and the fitness bump - you are
in it to win Fitness pump - designed for
all ages it is indeed the device ideal
to keep your shape more tonic and during
resistance stronger and muscular you
will rediscover an incredible well-being
thanks to the third stretch of your
muscular satisfaction is that it's you
maximum
you